---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uptrends_monitor_database_server Resource - terraform-provider-uptrends"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an Uptrends Database Server Monitor.
---

# uptrends_monitor_database_server (Resource)

Manages an Uptrends Database Server Monitor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "uptrends_monitor_database_server" "example" {
  name                       = "example"
  network_address            = "example.org"
  type                       = "MSSQL"
  port                       = 1433
  check_interval             = 10
  notes                      = "Managed by Terraform"
  primary_checkpoints_only   = false
  alert_on_load_time_limit_1 = true
  load_time_limit_1          = 3000
  alert_on_load_time_limit_2 = true
  load_time_limit_2          = 7000

  username = "user"
  password = "secret"
  db_name  = "exampledb"

  selected_checkpoints {
    regions           = ["Asia", "1005"]
    checkpoints       = ["Salzburg", "1"]
    exclude_locations = ["Vancouver"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Display name for the Ping Monitor resource.
- **network_address** (String) The network address that should be used to connect to the server or service you want to monitor.
- **port** (Number) The TCP Port for the dns Monitor, has to be between `1` and `65535`. Defaults to `53`.

### Optional

- **alert_on_load_time_limit_1** (Boolean) Set this value to true, if you want to receive alerts if your server response is slower than load_time_limit_1 threshold. Shows a yellow status in performance monitor. Defaults to `false`.
- **alert_on_load_time_limit_2** (Boolean) Set this value to true, if you want to receive alerts if your server response is slower than load_time_limit_2. Shows a red status in performance monitor. Defaults to `false`.
- **check_interval** (Number) Numeric value for the time interval between individual checks, in minutes. The maximum value is 240 (4 hours). The minimum value depends on the type of monitor. Defaults to `5`.
- **db_name** (String) Optionally specify the name of the database you want to connect to.
- **generate_alert** (Boolean) When set to false, no alerts will be generated for this monitor in case of an error. Defaults to `true`.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ip_version** (String) IpV4 or IpV6. Indicates which IP version should be used to connect to the server or network address you specify. If you choose IPv6, the monitor will only be executed on checkpoint locations that support IPv6. Defaults to `IpV4`.
- **is_active** (Boolean) Indicates whether the monitor is actively running in the account. Defaults to `true`.
- **load_time_limit_1** (Number) Set threshold time in ms for requires `alert_on_load_time_limit_1` to be enabled. Defaults to `2500`.
- **load_time_limit_2** (Number) Set threshold time in ms for requires `alert_on_load_time_limit_2` to be enabled. Defaults to `5000`.
- **mode** (String) The monitor mode, either Development, Staging or Production. Defaults to `Production`.
- **name_for_phone_alerts** (String) The value for the speech-friendly monitor name, if applicable. This is the monitor name we’ll use in text-to-speech phone alerting, provided that the ‘Use alternate monitor names’ option has been enabled in the phone alert integration.
- **native_ipv6_only** (Boolean) True or False. This setting only applies when you select IpV6 for the IpVersion field. Set this value to true to only execute your monitor on checkpoint servers that support native IPv6 connectivity. Defaults to `false`.
- **notes** (String) Your notes for this monitor.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) See the Username field. Specify the corresponding password value here.
- **primary_checkpoints_only** (Boolean) Only set this to False when you’re sure you want to execute your monitor on non-primary checkpoints. Defaults to `true`.
- **selected_checkpoints** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selected_checkpoints))
- **type** (String) Select between `MySQL` and `MSSQL` monitor type. Defaults to `MySQL`
- **username** (String) Specify the username of the appropriate credentials here.

### Read-Only

- **is_locked** (Boolean) It specifies whether the monitor is currently locked for editing. This happens if the Support team is reviewing your monitor.

<a id="nestedblock--selected_checkpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selected_checkpoints`

Optional:

- **checkpoints** (Set of String) A checkpoint is a geographic location from which you can have your service uptime and performance checked periodically. Provide checkpoint ids or names.
- **exclude_locations** (Set of String) It is possible to keep an entire region of checkpoints (e.g. Canada) selected (with the benefit of automatically getting new checkpoints as they are added to that region) but have additional control over individual checkpoint locations that you want to skip. Provide checkpoint ids or names.
- **regions** (Set of String) A Region contains one or more checkpoints, just define a region if all checkpoints in a region should be used. Provide region id or name.


