---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uptrends_operator_account Resource - terraform-provider-uptrends"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Uptrends Operator Account.
---

# uptrends_operator_account (Resource)

Manages Uptrends Operator Account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "uptrends_operator_account" "example" {
  full_name          = "example"
  email              = "uptrends@example.org"
  password           = "secret"
  backup_email       = "uptrends1@example.org"
  mobile_phone       = "+00000000000"
  sms_provider       = "SmsProviderInternational"
  is_on_duty         = true
  use_numeric_sender = true
  default_dashboard  = "AlertLog"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Set the email of the operator account owner.
- `full_name` (String) Set the full name of the operator account owner.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Specify the corresponding password value here.

### Optional

- `allow_native_login` (Boolean) Should native login be enabled on the uptrends ui?
- `allow_single_signon` (Boolean) Should single signon be enabled on the uptrends ui?
- `backup_email` (String) Set the backup email of the operator account owner.
- `culture_name` (String) Set the locale which should be used for language, date/time and number.
- `default_dashboard` (String) Specify the dashboard that will be displayed after login.
- `is_on_duty` (Boolean) Set to true if this account should be on-duty.
- `mobile_phone` (String) Specify the mobile number of the Operator Account owner. Has to start with (+) followed by country code.
- `outgoing_phone_number_id` (Number) Define the ID for outgoing phone number which should be used by Phone provider.
- `sms_provider` (String) Define the sms provider that will be used sending alerts.
- `time_zone_id` (Number) Define the ID for timezone which should be used for this account.
- `use_numeric_sender` (Boolean) Define if the sms sender should be numeric.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_account_admin` (Boolean) Indicates whether the operator is account administrator or not.


