---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uptrends_monitor_fpc Resource - terraform-provider-uptends"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Uptrends Full Page Check Monitor.
---

# uptrends_monitor_fpc (Resource)

Manages Uptrends Full Page Check Monitor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "uptrends_monitor_fpc" "example" {
  name           = "example"
  url            = "https://example.org"
  check_interval = 10
  notes          = "Managed by Terraform"

  primary_checkpoints_only   = false
  alert_on_load_time_limit_1 = true
  load_time_limit_1          = 3000
  alert_on_load_time_limit_2 = true
  load_time_limit_2          = 7000
  alert_on_min_bytes         = true
  min_bytes                  = 1024
  alert_on_max_bytes         = true
  max_bytes                  = 2048
  alert_on_max_element_bytes = true
  max_element_bytes          = 4096
  ignore_external_elements   = true
  alert_on_percentage_fail   = true
  browser_type               = "Firefox"

  browser_window_dimensions {
    is_mobile     = true
    width         = 1024
    height        = 768
    pixel_ratio   = 3
    mobile_device = "Apple iPhone X"
  }

  block_google_analytics = true
  block_uptrends_rum     = true
  block_urls             = ["example.org"]

  user_agent = "firefox77"
  auth_type  = "Basic"
  username   = "user"
  password   = "secret"

  request_headers {
    name  = "X-Test1-Header"
    value = "true"
  }

  match_pattern {
    pattern     = "example"
    is_positive = true
  }

  selected_checkpoints {
    regions           = ["Asia", "1005"]
    checkpoints       = ["Salzburg", "1"]
    exclude_locations = ["Vancouver"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Display name for the Ping Monitor resource.
- **url** (String) The full URL of the appropriate website, page or service that you want to monitor. The URL should include “http://” or “https://”. If relevant, please also include a port number if you are using a non-default port number, e.g. https://your-domain.com:8080/your-page. You can also use a fixed IP address as part of the URL instead of a host name, if your server listens to incoming requests without a host name.

### Optional

- **alert_on_load_time_limit_1** (Boolean) Set this value to true, if you want to receive alerts if your server response is slower than load_time_limit_1 threshold. Shows a yellow status in performance monitor. Defaults to `false`.
- **alert_on_load_time_limit_2** (Boolean) Set this value to true, if you want to receive alerts if your server response is slower than load_time_limit_2. Shows a red status in performance monitor. Defaults to `false`.
- **alert_on_max_bytes** (Boolean) Enable this option if you want to check that the response of the Server not exceed `max_bytes` of bytes. Defaults to `false`
- **alert_on_max_element_bytes** (Boolean) Enable this option if you want to check that any element on your page not exceeds `max_element_bytes` of bytes. Defaults to `false`
- **alert_on_min_bytes** (Boolean) Enable this option if you want to check that the response of the Server contains at least `min_bytes` of bytes. Defaults to `false`
- **alert_on_percentage_fail** (Boolean) Enable this option if you want the time-, size-, or content-checks to generate alerts.
- **auth_type** (String) Specify the username of the appropriate credentials here. Defaults to `None`.
- **block_google_analytics** (Boolean) Enable this option if outgoing monitoring requests should block google analytics.
- **block_uptrends_rum** (Boolean) Enable this option if outgoing monitoring requests should block uptrends rum.
- **block_urls** (Set of String) Set Urls which should be blocked by outgoing monitoring requests.
- **browser_type** (String) The Type of Browser used to Load the Website. Allowed values are `Chrome`, `Firefox`, `IE`, `PhantomJS`, `PhantomJS20` and `Safari`. Defaults to `Chrome`.
- **browser_window_dimensions** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--browser_window_dimensions))
- **check_interval** (Number) Numeric value for the time interval between individual checks, in minutes. The maximum value is 240 (4 hours). The minimum value depends on the type of monitor. Defaults to `5`.
- **failed_object_percentage** (Number) Specify a percentage treshold on which your want to get alerted 0% will report all element load failures
- **generate_alert** (Boolean) When set to false, no alerts will be generated for this monitor in case of an error. Defaults to `true`.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **ignore_external_elements** (Boolean) Enable this option if you don't want to include external elements in any error condition that are related to download size.
- **is_active** (Boolean) Indicates whether the monitor is actively running in the account. Defaults to `true`.
- **load_time_limit_1** (Number) Set threshold time in ms for requires `alert_on_load_time_limit_1` to be enabled. Defaults to `2500`.
- **load_time_limit_2** (Number) Set threshold time in ms for requires `alert_on_load_time_limit_2` to be enabled. Defaults to `5000`.
- **match_pattern** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--match_pattern))
- **max_bytes** (Number) Set threshold bytes that the response of the Server must at least contains. Required `alert_on_max_bytes` to be enabled.
- **max_element_bytes** (Number) Set threshold bytes that the response of the Server must at least contains. Required `alert_on_max_element_bytes` to be enabled.
- **min_bytes** (Number) Set threshold bytes that the response of the Server must at least contains. Required `alert_on_min_bytes` to be enabled.
- **mode** (String) The monitor mode, either Development, Staging or Production. Defaults to `Production`.
- **name_for_phone_alerts** (String) The value for the speech-friendly monitor name, if applicable. This is the monitor name we’ll use in text-to-speech phone alerting, provided that the ‘Use alternate monitor names’ option has been enabled in the phone alert integration.
- **notes** (String) Your notes for this monitor.
- **password** (String, Sensitive) See the Username field. Specify the corresponding password value here.
- **primary_checkpoints_only** (Boolean) Only set this to False when you’re sure you want to execute your monitor on non-primary checkpoints. Defaults to `true`.
- **request_headers** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--request_headers))
- **selected_checkpoints** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selected_checkpoints))
- **user_agent** (String) A string value that identifies which HTTP client is making the HTTP request. A browser typically sends a value that identifies the browser type and version.
- **username** (String) Specify the username of the appropriate credentials here.

### Read-Only

- **is_locked** (Boolean) It specifies whether the monitor is currently locked for editing. This happens if the Support team is reviewing your monitor.

<a id="nestedblock--browser_window_dimensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `browser_window_dimensions`

Optional:

- **height** (Number) Set the height for resolution size.
- **is_mobile** (Boolean) Enable for Mobile simulation.
- **mobile_device** (String) Define the mobile device if `is_mobile` set to true.
- **pixel_ratio** (Number) The device pixel ratio is the ratio between physical pixels and logical pixels.
- **width** (Number) Set the width for resolution size.


<a id="nestedblock--match_pattern"></a>
### Nested Schema for `match_pattern`

Required:

- **is_positive** (Boolean) Set this value to `true` if you want to verify that your web page contains `pattern`. Set to false if you want to verify that your web page does not contain that text.
- **pattern** (String) Insert a word or phrase if you want to verify that your web page contains that text.


<a id="nestedblock--request_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_headers`

Required:

- **name** (String) Specify an HTTP header name used by your requests.
- **value** (String) Specify an HTTP header value used by your requests.


<a id="nestedblock--selected_checkpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selected_checkpoints`

Optional:

- **checkpoints** (Set of String) A checkpoint is a geographic location from which you can have your service uptime and performance checked periodically. Provide checkpoint ids or names.
- **exclude_locations** (Set of String) It is possible to keep an entire region of checkpoints (e.g. Canada) selected (with the benefit of automatically getting new checkpoints as they are added to that region) but have additional control over individual checkpoint locations that you want to skip. Provide checkpoint ids or names.
- **regions** (Set of String) A Region contains one or more checkpoints, just define a region if all checkpoints in a region should be used. Provide region id or name.


